Project #1

For Project 1 create a 2D game. The basic expectation is for the game to be in WebGL. However, I am flexible to the choice of the environment, 
as long as you provide me a mechanism to be able to grade your game rapidly, e.g., at the very least, accompany your submission with a video demo of your game 
if you do it in an environment other than WebGL. 

[Please note that if you use an environment other than WebGL, I may not be able to assist you with debugging, since the expectation for the project is that you can 
design a game in WebGL, where I am committed to offer assistance. However, as always, I will try to offer you assistance to the best of my abilities.]

You are recommended to work on this project in a team of two. If you have a teammate you would like to work with, DM me on Slackk with the teammate included. 
If you do not have a teammate, I will assign a teammate to you at random. Under [extremely] exigent circumstances, 
I am willing to consider single-person teams, though you will want to make your case clear, e.g., you have a certain creative vision [that you must articulate] 
that requires you to work on your own, or a set of assets or programming environment that you are well-familiar with, and you suspect may not be something 
that you can expect another teammate to pick up rapidly [though again, you have to make a case for why your assets or environment would be difficult to 
pick up, e.g., Unity cannot count for single-person as a it has a set of tutorials for rapid familiarity.]

Criteria for the game:
1) The Game should have more than 5 2D polygons in the duration of the game.
2) The Game should have more than 3 colors.
3) The Game should have a scoring system and win condition.
4) The player must interact with the game to score using a mouse, a keyboard, or event-driven input, e.g. sliders and buttons.
5) The Game Controls should be intuitive to use and have a description of the controls in a file named README.txt.
6) Provide a description in README.txt on how you implemented the your game.

As always with this class, your creative vision comes first. If you have a vision that is mind-blowing and falls 'short' of the criteria listed, that's fine, as long as I can see that your 
output is indeed mind-blowing. 

There are no templates provided for the project. If you have a .js file, please provide your name within the .js file. If you have put all your implementation in a .html file (with no .js 
files), please put your name in comments in the .html file. Also, include your name in README.txt.
Some Examples:
-Galaga
-Helicopter
-Pong

Scoring rubric (out of 20 points):
1) 4 points for polygon creation
2) 4 points for coloring polygons
3) 2 points for the scoring system
4) 2 points for the win condition
5) 4 points for player controls and interaction
6) 4 points for the description on how you implemented the game

Deliverables: Store all files and folders you use (including your Common/ folder or any folders that contain your Common/ folder) in a single directory called 
'project1/'. Zip 'project1/' into a single .zip file called 'project1.zip'. Please submit 'project1.zip' to Pilot by the due date. If you do not follow these 
instructions, you stand to lose all points pertaining to running of the code, i.e., all points for parts 1 to 5 in the scoring rubric.
